Aren't there any other doctors? He's the doctor for the hospital. Miss Gage brought a pitcher of water and a glass. I drank three glasses and then they left me and I looked out the window a while and went back to sleep. I ate some lunch and in the afternoon Miss Van Campen, the superintendent, came up to see me. She did not like me and I did not like her. She was small and neatly suspicious and too good for her position. She asked many questions and seemed to think it was somewhat disgraceful that I was with the Italians. Can I have wine with the meals? I asked her. Only if the doctor prescribes it. I can't have it until he comes? Absolutely not. You plan on having him come eventually? We've telephoned him at Lake Como. She went out and Miss Gage came back. Why were you rude to Miss Van Campen? she asked after she had done something for me very skilfully. I didn't mean to be. But she was snooty. She said you were domineering and rude. I wasn't. But what's the idea of a hospital without a doctor? He's coming. They've telephoned for him to Lake Como. What does he do there? Swim? No. He has a clinic there. Why don't they get another doctor? Hush. Hush. Be a good boy and he'll come. I sent for the porter and when he came I told him in Italian to get me a bottle of Cinzano at the wine shop, a fiasco of chianti and the evening papers. He went away and brought them wrapped in newspaper, unwrapped them and, when I asked him to, drew the corks and put the wine and vermouth under the bed. They left me alone and I lay in bed and read the papers awhile, the news from the front, and the list of dead officers with their decorations and then reached down and brought up the bottle of Cinzano and held it straight up on my stomach, the cool glass against my stomach, and took little drinks making rings on my stomach from holding the bottle there between drinks, and watched it get dark outside over the roofs of the town. The swallows circled around and I watched them and the night-hawks flying above the roofs and drank the Cinzano.