Spade followed her in, put his hat and overcoat on a chair, said, “So we’ll have time to talk,” and went into the kitchen. He had put the coffee-pot on the stove when she came to the door, and was slicing a slender loaf of French bread. She stood in the doorway and watched him with preoccupied eyes. The fingers of her left hand idly caressed the body and barrel of the pistol her right hand still held. “The table-cloth’s in there,” he said, pointing the bread-knife at a cupboard that was one breakfast-nook partition. She set the table while he spread liverwurst on, or put cold corned beef between, the small ovals of bread he had sliced. Then he poured the coffee, added brandy to it from a squat bottle, and they sat at the table. They sat side by side on one of the benches. She put the pistol down on the end of the bench nearer her. “You can start now, between bites,” he said. She made a face at him, complained, “You’re the most insistent person,” and bit a sandwich. “Yes, and wild and unpredictable. What’s this bird, this falcon, that everybody’s all steamed up about?” She chewed the beef and bread in her mouth, swallowed it, looked attentively at the small crescent its removal had made in the sandwich’s rim, and asked: “Suppose I wouldn’t tell you? Suppose I wouldn’t tell you anything at all about it? What would you do?” “You mean about the bird?” “I mean about the whole thing.” “I wouldn’t be too surprised,” he told her, grinning so that the edges of his jaw-teeth were visible, “to know what to do next.” “And that would be?” She transferred her attention from the sandwich to his face. “That’s what I wanted to know: what would you do next?” He shook his head. Mockery rippled in a smile on her face. “Something wild and unpredictable?” “Maybe. But I don’t see what you’ve got to gain by covering up now. It’s coming out bit by bit anyhow. There’s a lot of it I don’t know, but there’s some of it I do, and some more that I can guess at, and, give me another day like this, I’ll soon be knowing things about it that you don’t know.”