But recently demands for more stringent and justifiable pacts with emphasis placed on the need for intellectual honesty and objective criteria have grown. British officials stress the need for commodity pacts to be a two way partnership in trade rather than a disguise for aid. It is now seen as essential that any pacts involving direct market participation through a buffer stock have a high degree of transparency and do not contain the risk of open-ended borrowing that occurred in the tin pact, they said. U.K. Delegates talk of stabilisation and the need for prices to reflect changes in market structure and price trends rather than dictate what prices should be. A Foreign Ministry official in Tokyo said Japan urges price realism in commodity pacts, adding high prices inflate supply. A government spokesman in Paris said France is favourable to commodity pacts. France, a large consumer and producer of sugar, favours a sugar pact as long as it reflects the real market situation, particularly regarding stocks. Indonesia's Foreign Minister Mochtar Kusumaatmadja told Reuters in Jakarta: These agreements can work as long as the problems are cyclical.. But it's another matter when there are structural problems.. But we are still committed to commodity agreements as an act of faith. Nicaraguan External Trade Minister Alejandro Martinez Cuenca said in London producers cannot afford not to give their backing to commodity agreements. The political will is not there on the part of some consumers to make agreements work, Martinez Cuenca said. The head of the economics department in the Brazilian Foreign Ministry, Sebastiao do Rego Barros, told Reuters an agreement can be successful if it keeps a link with market reality. If you have an agreement such as coffee with a system of quotas, with a link between prices practised inside the pact and actual market prices, it can work. UNCTAD spokesman Graham Shanley said consuming countries realise steady export earnings enhance developing countries' ability to service debt and mean greater demand for industrialised nations' capital goods.