Consuming countries, chastened by the collapse of International Tin Council (ITC) price support operations in 1985, are insisting more than ever before that commodity pacts reflect the reality of the markets they are serving, a Reuter survey showed. They want price ranges to be more responsive to market trends - to avoid overstimulating output and straining the accords' support operations - and intervention rules that avoid the risk of exports by non-members undermining the pacts. Consumers and producers, mindful of ITC buffer stock losses, have also sought strict conditions for buffer operations. Importers and some key exporting countries have shunned a generalised approach to commodity price stabilisation and prefer to assess each commodity case by case, the survey showed. The International Cocoa Organization (ICCO) last week set precise limits on what the Buffer Stock Manager (BSM) could do under the new agreement. It imposed daily and weekly purchase limits, prohibited the BSM from operating on futures markets and stipulated, after consumer insistence, that up to 15 pct of total buffer stock purchases could be of non-member cocoa. This will help prevent lower quality cocoa from Malaysia, the world's fourth largest producer, undermining the market. The cocoa pact establishes precise differentials the Buffer Stock Manager must use when purchasing varying grades. A new International Natural Rubber Agreement (INRA) was adopted earlier this month in Geneva. Importing and exporting countries agreed several changes to make the reference price more responsive to market trends and they eliminated provisions under which the buffer stock could borrow from banks to finance operations. Direct cash contributions from members will fund buffer stock purchases. Bank financing was a particular feature of the failed ITC buffer stock which suffered losses running into hundreds of millions of sterling. Legal wrangles continue. Recent International Coffee Organization (ICO) negotiations in London exemplified the degree to which consumers insist that agreements reflect market reality, commodity analysts said.