International agreements exist for sugar and wheat. These do not have any economic clauses but provide a forum for discussions on possible future economic agreements, collect statistics and draw up market analyses. Analysts said differences between sugar exporting countries have held up any progress towards an accord with economic teeth, while sheer competition between major exporters amid a world grain glut militate against any pact with economic provisions for wheat. An alternative focus for commodity discussions are international study groups, made up of governments with advice from industry, such as those for lead and zinc and rubber. The U.N. Common fund for commodities, with a planned directly contributed capital of 470 mln dlrs, has failed to become operational because neither the U.S. Nor the Soviet Union has ratified it. U.S. Officials in Washington said the U.S. Doubts the fund would be able to fulfil its objectives, citing the lack of widespread support. U.S. Officials in Washington and Malaysian officials in Kuala Lumpur expressed a policy of looking at each commodity pact case by case. U.S. Officials said it has been willing to study individual cases for economically sound, market-oriented commodity accords balancing producer and consumer interests. "We see little to be gained by attempting to increase the price of a commodity whose long-term trend is downward," official Administration policy states. The U.S. Currently belongs to only two international commodity agreements that have economic clauses - the International Coffee Agreement (ICA) and INRA - but it is also a member of the sugar and wheat pacts. The U.S. Did not join the International Cocoa Agreement because it considered its proposed price ranges unrealistic and not designed to protect the interests of consuming countries, the State Department said. U.S. Officials singled out the INRA as the one commodity agreement that seems to be working. U.S. Negotiators were successful in getting other members of the pact to agree that the price review and adjustment mechanism of the rubber agreement would accurately reflect market trends and also to continue the accord as a market oriented agreement, U.S. Officials said.