The British government may revoke the licences of selected Japanese banks and securities companies operating in London's financial City when they come up for renewal next summer if progress is not made towards opening up Japan's markets to foreign competition, government sources said. "We can't say "yes, we are going to do it (revoke licences)" but this is definitely being considered," an official said. His comments came after the government was formally urged today by a cross-section of influential MPs to take joint retaliatory action with the United States against Japan. Britain has grown increasingly impatient with Japanese trade practices. "There's a sense of urgency here now, but the emphasis is on securing - not undermining - our interests in Japan," another government official told Reuters. Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher said on Thursday that Britain would not hesitate to use new powers contained in the Financial Services Act 1986 and the Banking Bill to retaliate against countries that do not offer reciprocal market access. She clearly had Japan in mind, government sources said. The U.K. Last year showed a trade defict with Japan of 3.7 billion stg, official figures show. A parliamentary motion, signed by 98 MPs, today urged the U.K. Government to "coordinate action with the President of the United States, and through the Department of Trade and Industry, to suspend all further applications from Japanese communications companies for equipment approval by the British Approvals Board for Telecommunications, and all further applications from Japanese financial institutions for licences" until authorities in Japan stopped imposing what the MPs called "restrictive conditions" on the bid by (Cable and Wireless PLC) (cawl. L) and its U.S. And Japanese partners for a stake in Japan's international telecommunications market. The motion for retaliatory steps came from a cross-section of MPs, reflecting the strength of feeling inside Parliament. Parliamentarians said their action would increase pressure on the Conservative government to take firm action.