The death of the world's tropical rain forests could trigger a new debt crisis and social and biological disasters, scientists and ecologists involved with the International Tropical Timber Organisation (ITTO) said. At stake is the ability of developing nations, including Brazil, Mexico and the Philippines, to service their debts and the loss of trade worth hundreds of billions of dollars in important sectors such as agriculture and pharmaceuticals, they said. The experts, gathering ahead of an ITTO meeting of consumers and producers near Tokyo next week, said the problem is already acute. The Philippines offers a textbook case of the economic dangers. "For many third world nations, the loss of the forest is not just a loss of resources," said Delfin Ganapin, a Philippine government consultant on environmental impact. "In the 1960s we had 16 mln hectares of commercial forest, now we have one mln. We have only around 10 years of profitable logging left. With a 26 billion dlr debt, the loss of logging foreign exchange earnings is serious," he said. About 14 mln Philippine people depend on upland areas that are now denuded and farmers cannot grow crops. Government security advisers say that as a direct result, the most likely source of revolution in the Philippines is in the upland areas, said Ganapin. Replanting is uneconomic and replanted tropical hardwoods have less than a 50 pct chance of survival. There is no known way to reproduce the wood, or the millions of species within. "No replanting programme has been successful," said Almy Hafild from the Indonesian Network for Forest Conservation. Ganapin said three billion dlrs would be needed in the next two years alone to save five mln hectares of critically denuded land in the Philippines. The experts say that without a major initiative from the development banks, the vicious circle will continue with countries cutting more forest to help service short-term debts at the cost of long-term insolvency. Yet timber, a five billion dlr a year industry, is not necessarily the most direct economic product of the forests, and nations must be educated in how best to "farm" them, said Peter Kramer, World Wildlife Fund (WWF) conservation director.