Bolivia, once Latin America's most delinquent debtor, is preparing for a second International Monetary Fund agreement after an economic stabilisation program has effectively slowed inflation and reduced public spending. A fund spokesman said an IMF team would visit La Paz shortly to discuss terms of the new agreement. He said the IMF had disbursed 130 mln dlrs here and 20 mln dlrs are pending under the one year agreement that ends this month. The accord provided for a stand-by loan, a compensatory financing facility and a structural adjustment facility. The spokesman said that if the agreement is renewed, Bolivia can expect a further 60-mln-dlr stand-by loan over the next 12 months. Bolivia's agreement with the IMF, its first since 1980, opened the door to rescheduling negotiations with the Paris Club and Argentina and Brazil, which hold 2.5 billion dlrs of Bolivia's 4.0-billion-dlr foreign debt. Central Bank President Javier Nogales told Reuters the negotiations with the Paris Club, which have yet to be finalised, had been extremely successful. Nogales said the Paris Club had agreed to reschedule Bolivia's debt over 10 years with five to six years grace and had waived all interest payments until the end of 1988. Bilateral discussions on interest rates continue, he said. Nogales said Bolivia was expecting some 400 mln dlrs in disbursements this year from lender countries and international agencies, including the World Bank and the Inter-American Development Bank, although diplomatic and banking sources put the figure at closer to 300 mln dlrs. Nogales said Bolivia's net international reserves are around 250 mln dlrs, up from one mln dlrs when President Ictor Paz Estenssoro took office in august 1985. Nogales said the capital flow on Bolivia's debt servicing versus new credits had changed from a net outflow of 200 mln dlrs in 1985 to a net inflow of 130 mln dlrs in 1986. Bolivia's return from the financial wilderness follows paz estenssoro's economic stabilisation program. He inherited inflation of 23,000 pct a year, state enterprises that were losing hundreds of mlns of dlrs and a currency that traded on the black market at up to 16 times its official rate. Paz estenssoro froze public sector wages, set a market- related rate for the peso, introduced tax reforms and laid off thousands of workers in state corporations.