The U.S. Currently belongs to only two international commodity agreements that have economic clauses - the International Coffee Agreement (ICA) and INRA - but it is also a member of the sugar and wheat pacts. The U.S. Did not join the International Cocoa Agreement because it considered its proposed price ranges unrealistic and not designed to protect the interests of consuming countries, the State Department said. U.S. Officials singled out the INRA as the one commodity agreement that seems to be working. U.S. Negotiators were successful in getting other members of the pact to agree that the price review and adjustment mechanism of the rubber agreement would accurately reflect market trends and also to continue the accord as a market oriented agreement, U.S. Officials said. Canadian officials in Ottawa also said they have consistently tried to look at membership of commodity pacts on the merits of each case. Malaysian Primary Industries Minister Lim Keng Yaik told Reuters in Kuala Lumpur his country, the world's top producer of rubber, tin and palm oil, decides its participation in international commodity pacts case by case. Malaysia is a member of the Association of Tin Producing Countries (ATPC) which produce 65 pct of world tin. The ATPC launched a plan to limit member tin exports to 96,000 tonnes for a year from March to cut the tin surplus to 50,000 from 70,000. Economist in the West German Ministry of Agriculture and delegate to cocoa, wheat and sugar agreements Peter Baron told Reuters in London, "Agreements with economic clauses to stabilise prices could function if fixed price ranges were close to market reality, if there was full participation by producers and consumers, and if participants were prepared to take their obligations in the framework of the agreement seriously." But Baron added, "No real sanctions are available for a country that doesn't stick to its obligations... The German approach is sceptical. We don't think agreements are the best instrument to help developing countries. They were never meant to be a vehicle for the transfer of resources and that is how developing countries often interpret them." Traditionally Britain has always been supportive of commodity agreements, reflecting its strong links with Third World producing countries. But recently demands for more stringent and justifiable pacts with emphasis placed on the need for "intellectual honesty" and "objective criteria" have grown.