Gary settled himself into his office chair and logged into the prayer inbox. He sighed with an air of trepidation as he opened the spam folder, ready to sort the few genuine prayers out from the mindless drivel that had somehow made its way in. He'd been asking God for a better spam filter for years, but apparently (Gary rolled his eyes) His Lord Almighty had other, more pressing issues to deal with. Gary clicked impatiently through the junk mail. *Praying for a great holiday break? Look no further! * Delete. *This man prayed for a solution to his male pattern baldness - you wo n't believe what he looked like three weeks later! * Delete. *DickTator, the simple pill guaranteed to answer your prayers for a larger manhood! * Gary shuddered. *Definitely* delete. Moving onto the main inbox, Gary settled in for a long day's work. He cracked his knuckles, staring at the extensive list of mail, and took a gulp from the polystyrene cup of vending machine coffee that sat next to his keyboard. Slowly, methodically, he began to work his way through the list of prayers. Cathy, 29, who had prayed for the strength to finish a presentation for her boss, found herself imbued with a new sense of purpose as she discovered her most attractive colleague would be sitting in on the meeting. Meanwhile, Logan, 58, was granted the morning off work to watch his kid's school play, and Alfred, 84, stumbled upon his lost pen behind the sofa. Of course, there were harder prayers too, ones Gary had to spend a little longer mapping out. He could n't save the dying partner of Lucy, 33, from leukaemia - it was simply his time to go - but he could give him an extra moment of lucidity, and the strength to grab Lucy's hand and tell her how much he loved her. And when Andrew, 17, begged him to stop his best friend from considering suicide, Gary could n't change the thoughts in the head of someone who had n't prayed to him directly, but he could lift the cloud of panic from Andrew's vision just enough to let him support his friend and look for other sources of help himself.