I was a fluke, a genetic irregularity that never should have been. The day I was born, doctors noticed a strange, rectangular lump on my right arm. After running extensive tests, they could find nothing wrong with the small organ that had taken up residence in my arm. As it was kind of like an extra blood pump, any attempt to remove it would have killed me, so they left it in, figuring it was better to give a new mother a'healthy' baby than to kill her firstborn. I wish they had ended my life before I could experience the horror of seeing those things. Before we get to the meat of my story though, I'll give you a brief synopsis of my childhood. I was an early learner, being able to speak complete sentences at only a year old. Then I was able to walk, run and jump just three short months later. I would have to attribute this to the extra organ. It seemed to be an evolutionary step forward. I was always the youngest to ever attempt and succeed at basic functions. Fast forward a couple of years to my seventh grade class. I found out I had Savant Disorder, a rare form of Aspergers that meant I was exceptionally talented at one thing and unbearably terrible at everything else. In my case, I was blessed with the arts. I would draw and paint beautiful landscapes, compose music (once I got my hardass band director to cry. The song I had created apparently reminded him of a dead relative), and write simple short stories that would capture the imagination of all my closest friends. Speaking of fiends, I only had a handful, but we were all very close. I was the constantly positive shy goofball and sometimes my rampant optimism got the better of me, making some encounters extremely uncomfortable. By the time I had graduated from my high school, I had matured into an awkward young man. Medium length wavy black hair, fair skin, and steel-blue eyes (courtesy of my parents being from Japan and Ireland). As soon as my nineteenth birthday came to an end, I started having these headaches. At first I attributed this to not having enough sleep. I was staying up all night responding to writing prompts on Reddit and sleeping for only three of four hours.