Rembrandt would have painted her with pleasure, and would have made her broad features look out of the canvas with intelligent honesty. For honesty, truth-telling fairness, was Mary's reigning virtue: she neither tried to create illusions, nor indulged in them for her own behoof, and when she was in a good mood she had humor enough in her to laugh at herself. When she and Rosamond happened both to be reflected in the glass, she said, laughingly - What a brown patch I am by the side of you, Rosy! You are the most unbecoming companion. Oh no! No one thinks of your appearance, you are so sensible and useful, Mary. Beauty is of very little consequence in reality, said Rosamond, turning her head towards Mary, but with eyes swerving towards the new view of her neck in the glass. You mean my beauty, said Mary, rather sardonically. Rosamond thought, Poor Mary, she takes the kindest things ill. Aloud she said, What have you been doing lately? I? Oh, minding the house - pouring out syrup - pretending to be amiable and contented - learning to have a bad opinion of everybody. It is a wretched life for you. No, said Mary, curtly, with a little toss of her head. I think my life is pleasanter than your Miss Morgan's. Yes; but Miss Morgan is so uninteresting, and not young. She is interesting to herself, I suppose; and I am not at all sure that everything gets easier as one gets older. No, said Rosamond, reflectively; one wonders what such people do, without any prospect. To be sure, there is religion as a support. But, she added, dimpling, it is very different with you, Mary. You may have an offer. Has any one told you he means to make me one? Of course not. I mean, there is a gentleman who may fall in love with you, seeing you almost every day. A certain change in Mary's face was chiefly determined by the resolve not to show any change. Does that always make people fall in love? she answered, carelessly; it seems to me quite as often a reason for detesting each other. Not when they are interesting and agreeable. I hear that Mr. Lydgate is both. Oh, Mr. Lydgate! said Mary, with an unmistakable lapse into indifference. You want to know something about him, she added, not choosing to indulge Rosamond's indirectness.