The steam whistle blew, echoing through the bustling factory town of Millbrook. Inside the sprawling brick building, the clanking of machinery and the chatter of workers filled the air. Among the throngs of laborers was Tom, a young apprentice with a mischievous twinkle in his eye. His job was to assist the grumpy old master mechanic, Mr. Grimsby, but Tom had other ideas. On this particular morning, Tom had an ingenious plan to lighten the mood. He snuck into the storeroom and retrieved a bag of flour. As Mr. Grimsby approached, Tom casually tossed a handful into the air, creating a puff of white dust that caught the old man by surprise. Mr. Grimsby sneezed loudly, then glared at Tom. Boy, what's the meaning of this? he demanded, wiping his nose with a handkerchief. Tom, trying to suppress a giggle, replied, Sorry, Mr. Grimsby, I thought I saw a mouse. The old mechanic grumbled but couldn't help but crack a smile. Tom's mischief had won him a small victory, and he felt emboldened to try more tricks. He began to sprinkle flour on the floor, creating a path that led to the workshop. As workers walked through the flour, they left behind a trail of footprints, turning the factory floor into a makeshift dance floor. The sight of the flour-dusted workers brought laughter to the factory, and even Mr. Grimsby couldn't help but chuckle. Tom's antics had broken the monotony of their daily routine. Encouraged by his success, Tom decided to take his pranks to the next level. He waited until the lunch break and snuck into the kitchen. There, he found a large bag of sugar. He carefully sprinkled sugar on the floor, creating a sweet path that led to the dining hall. When the workers returned from their break, they were greeted by a sticky surprise. The sugar had made the floor slippery, causing workers to stumble and laugh as they tried to regain their balance. The factory was alive with laughter, and Tom's pranks had become the talk of the town. Even the stern Mr. Grimsby found himself chuckling at the sight of the sugar-coated workers. However, not everyone was amused. The factory owner, Mr. Thompson, was furious when he heard about Tom's antics.