In the heart of Florence, beneath the shade of the Duomo, Lorenzo stood in the crowded market, his fingers brushing against the smooth coin tucked into his purse. It was a modest sum, but enough to secure a new lease on a small workshop. His heart fluttered with hope; today, he would secure a future for his family. The workshop, previously belonging to a skilled artisan, had fallen vacant following his demise, and Lorenzo was keen to turn it into a place where he could make the finest leather goods. His heart thudded with excitement as he walked along the streets lined with brightly colored homes and vibrant merchants selling everything from fish to silks. However, as he rounded the corner of the Via della Corda, a strong grip grabbed his shoulder. He spun around to see three men blocking his path. The largest, with a jagged scar running down his cheek, wore a menacing grin. Where you headin', friend? the scarred man asked, his voice a low rumble. Lorenzo hesitated before responding. The man's gaze held the glint of trouble and Lorenzo's gut tightened. The small leather bag at his belt seemed to weigh heavy, revealing its importance. He took a step back, feigning innocence. I'm heading to the market, to sell some leather. The scarred man chuckled. We might have a use for a craftsman like yourself, his eyes narrowed slightly as he pointed to Lorenzo's bag. I don't believe in luck. With a jolt, Lorenzo understood their true intentions and instinctively tightened his grip on the coin purse, but the other men lunged forward. Lorenzo kicked one in the groin, sending him sprawling, but the other two latched onto his arms. The scarred man advanced, his expression hardening into something almost reptilian. Lorenzo struggled, his eyes darting from one attacker to the next. Then, in desperation, he called out to the one person he knew might still have a glimmer of hope. Messina! Messina, help! He was taken aback by his own audacity, the name rolling from his lips with a confidence he did not feel. A man walked through the alley and glanced in his direction. He wore a tall velvet hat, a flowing cloak, and his dark eyes glinted with a mixture of amusement and malice. Messina, you say?