It was a drizzly evening in the city of New Orleans, the kind of night that made a fellow want to stay indoors with a good book and a bottle of fine scotch. But not for Jack Harris, the self-proclaimed "King of Comedy" and owner of the city's most popular comedy club, "Laughter and Tears." Jack was a man on a mission, determined to put on the greatest comedy show the city had ever seen. As he stood backstage, adjusting his tie and smoothing out his suit, he gazed out at the packed audience, his eyes scanning the sea of expectant faces. His act was about to go on, and he was nervous. Not because he was worried about bombing, but because he was worried about upstaging his opening act, a young up-and-coming comedian named Bucky. Bucky was a skinny, bespectacled kid with a mop of curly hair and a grin that could light up a room. He was the kind of comedian who made people laugh with his silly impressions and wacky antics, but Jack was worried that he might steal the show. Jack had a reputation for being one of the funniest men in the business, and he wasn't about to let some young whippersnapper come in and steal his thunder. As the lights dimmed and the emcee took the stage, Jack's nerves began to get the better of him. He paced back and forth in his dressing room, muttering to himself and adjusting his tie for what felt like the hundredth time. His manager, a gruff old-timer named Max, poked his head in the door and gave Jack a reassuring pat on the back. "You're gonna be great, kid," Max said, his voice dripping with a thick New Orleans accent. "Just relax and let the jokes come to you." But Jack was having none of it. He was a perfectionist, and he knew that he had to be at the top of his game if he was going to impress the audience. He took a deep breath, put on a confident smile, and stepped out onto the stage. The audience erupted into applause as Jack took the microphone, his eyes scanning the crowd as he launched into his first joke. It was a good one, a clever quip about the futility of trying to find a good gumbo joint in the city.