My wife, my children, even my parents were probably huddled somewhere in a New York slum, listening to my broadcast. No one could find it possible to take them to a colony, not even the UN officials that worked so closely with me, not even after I was elected leader of over a hundred million damned souls could my loved ones make it off. As a result, there will be a great change in how the laws and doctrines of the world work. The United Nations have worked together in the time we had to devise a plan for those of us left to brave it out. I cleared my throat, and looked down at the list in front of me. We have began building, in suitable areas, large underground shelters able to fit ten thousand people, along with enough rations to feed them for up to a year. In addition, each shelter will be fitted with its own garden that can provide for our nutritional requirements should the need arise. Thank god for the hydroponics boom. A list of shelters can and will be made available to you by your regional governments in the passing weeks. All shelters will close two weeks before the scheduled arrival of the asteroid. A lump rose in my throat as I went on. Military personnel will be dispersed to major population areas ('Were there even any left?' I thought to myself) to insure the stability of the area and the long-term survival of your regional government. Keeping order will be very important, and disruption of the order will result in a very strict crackdown on any movements seeking to work against the greater good. Patrols will be sent out into more rural areas on a weekly basis to ensure that all are safe and in compliance with mandatory protocol. Another pause. In the coming weeks, local hospitals will offer euthanization services for those who seek them. I let out a shaky breath. Regional governments, if they choose to, may also seek the euthanization of people deemed unable to fully contribute to society during the impact winter. I shuddered in disgust, but I knew the intentions were objectively good.