Me. That's ok, I'm going to get some game time in and get that prestige emblem.'' Tony. Oh ok buddy, well I'll swing by later in and see what a perfect internet connection is actually like then. See ya.'' Me. Yeah man, we'll own for sure. Catch you later on then.'' So after talking with Tony and realising my ability might have some use I decided to fire up my PS4 and kick some ass on COD. I logged in and joined the 1st ground war lobby that came up. 8008hunt3r04 You fags do n't got no swag like me man, I'm straight up owning this shit, on top of this lobby like I'm top of your moms.'' XXXepicsnip3ssXXX Shut up kid, you stole my fucking care package when I was on a 15kill streak. You better hope your not on the enemy team.'' 8008hunt3r04 Stop crying like a lil bitch! What ability did the Zurbz give ya? Super lil bitch powers? Like if we need someone to cry us a river do we call you?. My little sister does n't cry as much as you and she's 3. Ai n't none of you little neck beards got these mad skills. XXXepicsnip3ssXXX. No stupid kid, that's not my ability. I'm an ambulance driver that can see 5seconds into the future when I'm driving so I always find the quickest route to an emergency.'' 8008hunt3r04. No you're lying, you're a Wambulance driver that always finds the quickest route to bitchtown so you can have a good cry about your shitty day.'' XXXepicsnip3ssXXX. Fucking stupid kid. What's your ability then?'' 8008hunt3r04. I can spot lil bitches from over 500 miles away and tell them about how much of a lil bitch they are. In fact my lil bitch sense is going haywire right now.'' XXXepicsnip3ssXXX. Fuck off, you little shit before I find where you live and come and kick your ass.'' 8008hunt3r04. How you gunna read a GPS with all those tears in your eyes? I just thought of your superhero name by the way. Bitchboy the biggest lil bitch in the world.'' SMOKEWEEDTILLIMGREY (me) What's taking this match so long to load? My connection is perfect, what's going on?'' 8008hunt3r04. Here comes a new bitch! That's my ability I can control game servers whenever I want and stop people from leaving.