The warmth of the bed was familiar to him. It was the same bed he had been born in fifty-two years earlier and that had been given to him as his own when his mother passed away. If he closed his eyes and concentrated hard enough he could still smell her somewhere deep within the bed frame - the scent of sunflowers and rain water and pure love. He missed his mother dearly and thought of her every day, thought of all that she had taught him. Things like love and tolerance. Of living in the moment and being open to new ideas and learning. Oh how she loved learning! He knew he was dying. His cough had slowly gotten worse over the days - what started out as a tickle and rattle in his throat became a booming echo from somewhere deep within his chest. He did n't know what it was - a few others had gotten ill before him but all had recovered in a few days. For him it was different - was it his age? Was God angry with him? Oh how he wished his mother was still alive - wished they could investigate it together. One of his favorite memories was sitting up with her, late at night, whispering in the dark over theories and ideas of what the world was really like. What went on that they simply could n't understand? There was a knock at the door and a familiar face peered in, Fisher? Are you awake?'' Fisher shifted in his bed, holding back a deep cough. Yes Annie, come on in. I could use the,'' he paused as his voice caught in his throat. I could use the company.'' Annie closed the door softly and walked carefully over to the side of the bed. The room was dark and cold - the old man and the bed in one corner, with nothing else but a small metal chair by the door she had walked through. The metal legs of the chair would cause a lot of unnecessary noise, so rather than risk a beating she simply knelt down beside the bed. The girl was twelve years old, dressed in a long off-white gown. Her hair was a dirty blonde that cascaded down to the middle of her back. She was thin and wiry, with a line of freckles across her face.