He put his arms up to signal for silence, and all obeyed. He said, in his strange godly language, I shall now answer the questions of humanity.'' People remained silent, waiting for him to continue. But in the solitude of my apartment I spoke at the television screen, where the man's face was plastered in plain view. I pointed accusingly as I said, I have a question for you, o great God. Why is there so much suffering on this earth? Why is there such great pain? How can you allow millions and millions of people to starve, succumb to disease, die by the hands of their fellow humans? If you are truly an all-loving God, how can you just sit by while all of this happens?'' Suddenly, the man on the screen was looking directly at me. A cold chill ran through my spine as his menacing eyes penetrated my own. The air grew heavy with his presence and he began speaking once more. Why do I allow suffering, you ask?'' he said. My heart began pounding a million miles a second. Somehow, he had heard me. He was talking to me. I drew in breath shakily as he continued. I will answer your question honestly, but you will not like it. I do not just allow suffering. I create it. I cause it. All of the wars, plagues, injuries and shortcomings of mankind are my own doing. I infected you with the bubonic plague. AIDS, cancer, terrorism. Simply the latest developments of mine. You see, when I crafted the the first living organism, I knew that it would multiply and diversify. I watched it eagerly, not knowing what would form but realizing that it would be my own doing. The dinosaurs were a monstrosity, and an accident. I looked upon the ugly behemoths in disgust. Finally it came to the point where I could stand it no more. I had a meteorite crash down and destroy the beasts, leaving only the smaller, frailer and more beautiful creatures to live and reproduce. I watched the mammals branch off and primates come into being, and soon after, humans. I took a special interest in humans because you were different. You were no longer just a random result of evolution that lived simply to survive. You had broken free of the binds of nature that I had created.